AEON NEXUS CORPORATION

If you would enjoy working in a collaborative environment and are looking for an opportunity to become part of a diverse team of professionals, we invite you to apply here today.

Aeon Nexus Corporation is a Microsoft Partner providing software development consulting services with our enterprise Microsoft Power Platform solution, JusticeNexus. Our expertise in Management Consulting and Information Technology has made Aeon Nexus a partner in Justice modernization since the year 2000.

Business Analyst

We have opportunities for Business Analysts to join our team in implementing our JusticeNexus Microsoft Power Platform Solution for customers across the United States. The successful candidates will be the vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by supporting and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software product’s features.

Primary Responsibilities

Collaborate with stakeholders to gather and document business requirements.
Analyze existing processes and systems to identify areas for improvement.
Develop detailed reports and presentations using tools such as Power BI and Visio.
Monitor project progress, providing updates and recommendations based on analytics.
Assist in the development of user acceptance testing (UAT) plans and coordinate testing efforts.
Communicate findings effectively to both technical teams and non-technical stakeholders.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Report on common sources of technical issues or questions and make recommendations to product team
Participate in SCRUM kick-off and daily SCRUM meetings with delivery team to review cross project progress including project timelines and actionable items
Required Qualifications

A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
Aptitude in eliciting requirements and testing
Experience in analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusions and in data visualization techniques and tools
Basic knowledge in generating process documentation
Strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills
Desired Additional Skills

Prior positions working with federal, state and local governments
Solid experience in writing SQL queries
Previous experience in Business / Systems Analysis or Quality Assurance
Experience working in a technical software product/services company
Aeon Nexus Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Pay: $70,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year