Full job description
Infosys is seeking a Jr. Java Developer - This position’s primary responsibility will be to provide technical expertise and coordinate for day-to-day deliverables for the team. The chosen candidate will assist in the technical design of large business systems; builds applications, interfaces between applications, understands data security, retention, and recovery. The role holder should be able to research on technologies independently to recommend appropriate solutions & should contribute to technology-specific best practices & standards; contribute to success criteria from design through deployment, including, reliability, cost-effectiveness, performance, data integrity, maintainability and scalability; contributes expertise on significant application components, program languages, databases, operating systems, etc., and guides/mentors the team during the build and test phases.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of New York, NY or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel to project locations.
Candidates authorized to work for any employer in the United States without employer-based visa sponsorship are welcome to apply. Infosys is unable to provide immigration sponsorship for this role at this time.
Experience in Java development.
Understanding in Spring Framework and Spring Boot.
Experience in SQL and Non-relational database
Preferred Qualifications:
At least 1 years of experience in Java/J2EE technologies and experience in frameworks like Spring, Hibernate
Experience and good knowledge of Webservices, REST services
Experience with any enterprise web server preferably Websphere or JBoss
Experience with microservices architecture.
Solid understanding of RESTful services, JSON, and API design.
Exposure with JPA/Hibernate, SQL, and relational databases.
Familiarity with message brokers (Kafka, RabbitMQ) is a plus.
Exposure with CI/CD tools (Jenkins, GitLab CI, etc.).
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.
At least 1 years of experience in software development life cycle.
At least 1 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects.
Willing to work in application/production support
Experience in Banking domain
Design, develop, and maintain enterprise-grade applications using Java and Spring Boot.
Implement microservices architecture and ensure seamless integration between services.
Develop and consume RESTful APIs.
Optimize application performance and ensure scalability.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including QA, DevOps, and Product Management.
Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code following best practices.
Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues in production and non-production environments.