Full job description
Job description

***This territory is well suited for someone from a rural farming community.***

About us

AgroEcoPower LLC is one of the largest software ECM tuning service providers in the world operating in the agricultural, construction and transportation industries across four continents. With over 120,000+ successful service installments over the course of 20 years of business, customers trust AgroEcoPower when it comes to their equipment power tuning needs.

Join our continuously growing team of diesel engine enthusiasts passionately working to develop and market software products that provide our customers with the best engine performance and fuel savings possible. Having expanded into the US in 2014, we are now looking for a sales representative for the agricultural industry in Arizona.

Our work environment includes:

Excellent Base
Flexible working hours, no weekends or nights.
Growth opportunities
Job Description

As a Sales Representative you will be assigned a large territory and tasked with the sales and service of our ECM tuning offerings to commercial equipment operators in the agriculture, transportation and construction industries. You will be pitching to potential customers our cutting edge commercial diesel engine performance and fuel savings software products and facilitating the post-sale technical services. Providing on-site service, you will manage the appropriate hardware and software connections to allow our software team to virtually service the vehicle. Don’t worry, we provide full training so you don’t need a background in ECM tuning. With our customer-first approach to business, evidenced by our industry leading lifetime software and service warranty, our established Sales Representative enjoy an 80% referral rate. So send in your resume and cover letter today!

Requirements:

While no direct experience is necessary, the successful candidate will demonstrate an eagerness to learn the service offering from both a sales and technical service perspective. Experience in one or more of B2B direct sales, equipment mechanics and vehicle diagnostics is considered a strong asset. Having a prior network in the industries of agriculture, trucking and or construction is also an asset.

Education:

High School Diploma
Licenses/Certifications:

Valid driver’s license
Responsibilities:

Network inside of a large territory with businesses in the farming, trucking and construction industries
Build, manage and execute on sales contact lists
Successfully pitch service offerings in a competitive environment
Facilitate technical post-sale service on equipment (training provided)
Provide post-service warranty support
Work effectively with the sales manager and technical support team
We offer:

Flexible working hours
Competitive salary
Attractive commission system
Vehicle allowance
Travel Reimbursement
Cell phone reimbursement
Travel reimbursement
Work and growth opportunity in rapidly growing multinational company
Paid training
80% word of mouth referral rates in established territories