Full job description
Schedule:
Monday - Friday (40 hrs/wk)
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Department: IT System Services Admin - 216

Primary Purpose:

The Systems Administrator Level-2 provides support of multiple enterprise systems, services, and technologies.

About ARUP:

ARUP Laboratories is a national clinical and anatomic pathology reference laboratory and an enterprise of the University of Utah and its Department of Pathology. Based in Salt Lake City, Utah.

ARUP proudly hires top talent to create a work environment of diversity, professional growth and continuous development. Our workforce is committed to the important service we provide to over one million patients each month. We always strive for excellence and have a strong desire to have involvement with the advances in medicine and the role laboratory services plays within each patient’s life. We never forget that there is a patient behind every specimen we receive.

We are looking for individuals who want to contribute to ARUP's culture of accountability, integrity, service, and excellence. Consider joining our dynamic team.

Essential Functions:

Monitor, Triage, and Respond to the Helpdesk queue by completing support requests, or escalating to other team members if necessary.

Monitor, Triage, and Respond to system alerts.

Performs administrative and operational support for several role-specific systems and technologies.

Review daily system alerts and schedule service or escalation if needed.

Work in a collaborative team environment.

Respond to helpdesk queue.

After-hours on-call duties.

Other duties as assigned.

Physical and other requirements:

Stooping: Bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist.

Reaching: Extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction.

Mobility: The person in this position needs to occasionally move between work sites and inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.

Communicate: Frequently and effectively communicate with others.

PPE: Biohazard laboratory environment that requires use of personal protective equipment in accordance with CDC and OSHA regulations and company policies.

ARUP Policies and Procedures: To conduct self in compliance with all ARUP Policies and Procedures.

